README.md, before:

CloudApp for Android
=====================

A private beta version of a CloudApp client for Android.

Uses following libraries:
-------------------------
- AndroidSherlockBar ~ http://actionbarsherlock.com
- CloudAppJava ~ https://github.com/simong/CloudAppJava
- Apache commons-lang3-3.1 ~ http://commons.apache.org/lang/

How to build and run the project:
---------------------------------
1. Download **[AndroidSherlockBar](http://actionbarsherlock.com)**, import the library project to **Eclipse**. In **CloudApp for Android** project go to *Properties -> Android -> Library*, add a reference to the library project.

2. Download **[Apache commons-lang3-3.1](http://commons.apache.org/lang/)** and **[CloudAppJava](https://github.com/simong/CloudAppJava)** binaries, save them somewhere on your computer and then in **Eclipse** go to *Properties -> Java Build Path -> Libraries*, add both JAR binaries. Make sure that under *Order and Export* needed binaries are before the **CloudApp for Android** binary.

3. Build and run!

Commit message:

Added information on aFileChooser
Custom file picker library

README.md, after:

CloudApp for Android
=====================

A private beta version of a CloudApp client for Android.

Uses following libraries:
-------------------------
- AndroidSherlockBar ~ http://actionbarsherlock.com
- CloudAppJava ~ https://github.com/simong/CloudAppJava
- Apache commons-lang3-3.1 ~ http://commons.apache.org/lang/

How to build and run the project:
---------------------------------
1. Download **[AndroidSherlockBar](http://actionbarsherlock.com)**, import the library project to **Eclipse**. In **CloudApp for Android** project go to *Properties -> Android -> Library*, add a reference to the library project.

2. Download **[Apache commons-lang3-3.1](http://commons.apache.org/lang/)** and **[CloudAppJava](https://github.com/simong/CloudAppJava)** binaries, save them somewhere on your computer and then in **Eclipse** go to *Properties -> Java Build Path -> Libraries*, add both JAR binaries. Make sure that under *Order and Export* needed binaries are before the **CloudApp for Android** binary.

3. Download **[aFileChooser](https://github.com/iPaulPro/aFileChooser)** and import the library project. Just like how it was done with Android Sherlock Bar.

3. Build and run!
